want to learn how to make a B2B website
your sales team love because it drives
so many qualified leads and is the
number one Revenue platform for your
business and stay tuned
[Music]
I'm Sam Dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host the top 100 B2B
marketing podcast business growth show
and if you haven't yet check out my
weekly emails where I share actual
marketing website SEO tips useful
podcasts free goodies and more why not
give it a shot over at business growth
dot email so this episode was taken from
my recent interview on the marketing
spot podcast we talk about what to
consider before building a B2B website
key considerations around messaging
Target clients and more the key pages
that you need to build out on your B2B
website and how to construct them and
how to ensure your website effectively
converts ideal clients into a steady
flow of qualified sales meetings for
your team so with that let's dive into
the episode why don't we start with a
nice juicy softball question and get you
to talk about the biggest mistakes made
by companies with their websites as I
talked off the top
there are some really good companies
with great products but their websites
are like they cut off their nose to
spite their face and I always find that
confusing and troubling at the same time
for sure there's there's an endless list
I could go on for days but I think one
of the most important problems that B2B
companies especially make when it comes
to their websites is that they do not
resonate and when I say that I mean they
do not resonate with their target
clients the actual prospects that they
want to engage and ultimately most of us
especially in the B2B World want our
website to act as our best sales rep as
our best salesperson because we want it
to fuel our sales team with a steady
flow of qualified demos consult requests
or leads and the mistake I see so often
is that B2B companies are just guessing
really when it comes to design messaging
key pages and quite a lot of the time
they're just building out these websites
around their own ego around what their
marketing team think looks good rather
than what the CEO thinks look good or
other execs on the team thinks gonna
work rather than actually understanding
what their target clients care about
seeing learning or doing before they're
ready to take that next step book a demo
speak to cells so that's probably one of
the most impactful mistakes where where
teams are just guessing about what's
going to work on their website and
hoping for the best
well with that answer you've opened up a
can of worms because there's a lot of
different places we could go there but I
think one area to explore is really
taking a step back and looking at what a
company should do when they're
considering the relaunch of a website or
they're building a website from scratch
what kind of planning should
go into a project a big project like
building a website and where do they
start what are some of the first steps
they should take when it comes to
launching a website that is going to
engage prospects and customers and
making sure that it does the job that
you wanted to do
sure so you probably want to take a step
back and think about the why like why
are we redesigning what are the problems
that we're facing that of course this
trigger point that we now decide have
decided that we want to redesign and
rebuild a website because like you
mentioned it's not necessarily a quick
thing it can take quite a lot of time
and resource from your own team or from
an external agency so is it because
you're spending a lot on maybe ads maybe
you're investing a lot in SEO maybe
you've got an outbound sales team maybe
you're doing content marketing maybe
you're driving a ton of traffic to your
website but you can physically see that
it's not converting those hard-end
visitors into a steady flow of inbound
demos or leads so that's a big issue
maybe you've had feedback maybe your
sales team have had feedback on calls
that your website just doesn't cut it
like they're landing on your site and
they don't really understand what you do
or maybe they've said oh it's actually
quite difficult to get this job done on
your site I.E I can't see pricing easily
or I found it quite cumbersome to check
out your case studies couldn't really
see some proof of results or it was
quite tricky for me to actually make
that demo or it was a really long form
so you've literally had feedback from
the horse's mouth I.E your customers
your prospects that there's certain
issues that you need to address with
your current site
um or it could be something else it
could just be that the website's super
update like you built it 10 years ago or
five years ago whatever and now your
complete business model's changed or
your service offerings change and it
just misses out vital gaps in the
customer Journey or or your office so
the main thing to nail down first is why
are we doing it and what do we want to
get out of this exercise like what are
our main goals
um because not every beat whilst Majora
B2B companies want their website to
drive inbound some don't some want to
use it as a kind of trust Builder I.E if
most of their business comes from Word
of Mouth referrals they want people to
quickly see like this is the problem we
fix this is how we help this is some
case studies this is an idea of our
pricing they're making easy for those
referred warm leads to get in touch so
think about what do you want to get out
of it
um that's and why are we doing it that's
one of the first things and then
you want to think about who is this site
for so which who are the target clients
that we want to attract engage and
convert with this site
um and kind of really nail down that
Persona and quite a useful exercise on
that side of things is if you've got a
few existing clients existing customers
that are
fit what you call the idle Persona
perhaps you enjoy working with them
you're there they make good revenue for
your company and they fit that that kind
of client style that you enjoy working
with and you can literally sit down with
them and if you've got an existing site
you can say look what's what works well
about our current site
how do you think our site Stacks up
against our competitors
um what do you feel is missing on our
existing website is a really powerful
question because that's the one they can
dive into oh actually you have this page
Oh I thought you could have a better
case study here or you actually didn't
dive into this question that I had Etc
um so there's a literal gold mine just
by interviewing some ideal clients or
prospects by understanding what doesn't
work well because most B2B companies if
they're established or already can have
a site
um so that's a few starting points don't
if you want to dig into that Mark before
I jump into some more you well and one
of the questions that I'm interested in
is the classic chicken or egg
question is where does a company start
is it copy and content for the website
or is it design
hmm
so it should really be copy messaging
um because otherwise
whilst you can design Pages out it just
makes everyone's life harder
um because if you're building out like
your home page for example and you're
just leaving like a few couple lines of
your headline and then as you as the
user Scrolls down maybe you've got some
images you've got some examples of your
product in play you've got some social
proof testimonials Etc and you're just
kind of guessing how much copies how
much space is that it's going to be and
then when you actually get to writing it
out it just turns out you've got a tweak
the design a bit so it can it can save
time if you get the messaging right it
means you can design around the message
around the copy it usually makes sense
one of the things that I struggle with
with a lot of clients and things that I
that really trouble me when I look at a
lot of websites is messaging
particularly homepage messaging that is
uninspiring and confusing so rather than
pull people into the website and start
the journey they actually turn people
off and that's why many of these
websites see high bounce rates and I'm
wondering from your experience and the
clients that you work with
you know do they think about messaging
on the home page is it an afterthought
is it something that they should a B
test I'm just curious about the process
and why many companies drop the ball
when there's homepage messaging that
clearly doesn't work
yeah I would say is other Pages as well
especially when you get into SAS
um and B2B kind of detailed complex
services that can have a ton of pages
around their products their offerings
their use cases those need to resonate
because you might be investing in in ads
and SEO to send people to those but
going back to the home page yeah I mean
it's something we advise clients on all
the time because
um because of some of the issues I've
talked about earlier really like
sometimes companies are too deep in
their own offer and they'll do things
like they'll talk about they'll use
technical jargon to describe their offer
that their prospects might not resonate
with
um is one issue I.E someone lands on
your home page and they just see a
headline like we provide AI Tech that
improves system workflows and makes a
all-in-one 360 degree experience and
it's like well if I landed on that page
I think what the do you offer I
have no clue what you're doing and I'll
scroll down your page and still be
confused and then probably bounce off to
a competitor so that's a major issue and
I often say
if you're not sure how your prospects
describe your offer then you can't go
far wrong being super simple I.E we do a
to improve b or we help X improve y like
that's that's a fine starting point and
then once you understand the the actual
words your prospects you to describe
your offer then you can go in a bit
deeper
um in fact there's there's a couple kind
of Frameworks that I've learned over the
years around
um home page headlines so one is just a
simple we do a to improve B another one
is you can point out the enemy in your
world so if there's a monster if there's
a company or if there's something that
you absolutely hate I in our world SEO
might be
um agencies kind of using sales tactics
to try and sell you a massive SEO plan
that you might not need
um so we might say something like no
jargon no Hard Sell just organic growth
for your website or something like
simple like that where you literally lay
down everything you hate about your
competitors and list out their flaws
um but yeah I mean the simple the
simplest way to say it is with a home
page if you confuse you lose so
ultimately you want to be as clear as
possible because if someone lands on
that homepage they want to know what you
do how it's going to help them and then
the easy way to take the next step
whether it's learning more checking
pricing or booking a demo those those
are some of the fundamentals before you
get into in-depth messaging strategies
one of the
hypothesis that I have about
bad or mediocre homepage messaging is
that companies are trying to be all
things to all people they don't want to
create messaging that excludes a
particular segment of the audience that
they think they're after so as a result
they create messaging that is generic
it's very vanilla-like as opposed to
writing messaging that is clearly
targeted at their ideal customer profile
this product is for you if you have
these needs do you find that
is a problem when a lot of companies are
trying to create messaging that they
want to appeal to everybody at the same
time
oh definitely I think probably 90 of B2B
companies do that 90 of companies in
general I mean just look at a bunch of
B2B headlines like so many of them just
say award-winning Best in Class we just
got funding G2 top rated it's like you
see that 99 of the time it just goes
over your head because it's so vanilla
but when you actually like you said Mike
when you drill down into this is the
segment we help this is how we get them
results this is the specific pain point
we fix around
um our offer it helps resonate and also
means if you're driving traffic if
you're doing like targeted LinkedIn ads
if you're doing Target Google ads to to
the specific niches and industries when
they land on something it's more likely
to resonate because you're directly
speaking to the pain point that Target
Market has or you're directly speaking
to maybe the goal that they want to
achieve or the issues they're having
around Revenue whatever
um so the juicier you can be the better
um and also do you want to attract
everyone and anyone especially when a
lot of B2B companies have high ticket
offers so if you just attracting like a
bunch of prospects that don't fit the
right Persona I mean what's to say
they're not going to have cashed cash to
invest in your off oil they're not going
to be the right fit and all these kinds
of problems that might cause
yeah I run into that I have a client
that is struggling with attracting leads
the problem is they're getting a lot of
Tire kickers right they're getting
people who are not the ideal customer
they don't have the budget they don't
have the needs but the marketing
attracts them when they get to the
website and they fill out the ask for
demo form and it turns out they're not
really the type of customer they want I
think it has a lot to do with their home
page messaging
um I watched a YouTube video on which
you talked about the seven must-have
pages on a website can you quickly run
through these pages and then I'd like to
drill down into best practice for a few
of them particularly home about pricing
and contact which I see as the key pages
but in many cases there are some of them
are afterthoughts and some of them just
aren't well designed and and structured
so why don't you talk about the seven
must-have pages and then we can explore
some of the the pages that I think play
a key role yeah yeah so I I've written
an article and did a video like you said
a little while back and in my opinion
this was basically after because I run a
podcast too called business growth show
and just let yourself Mark I've
interviewed a ton of kind of VP CMOS B2B
companies and assess like our own
website to get an idea of what pages
on our own sites on client sites on
prospects sites basically get most
visited and people actually care about
um and usually when someone lands on
your site they essentially want to get a
quick idea of what you do problem you
fix how you're going to improve their
life or improve their business or get
them certain result that they care about
and based upon the fact you quickly do
that with your home page and they're
probably going to flick to case studies
or results check out you can do what you
claim you can maybe look at some
customer video testimonials and look at
some reviews on G2 captain or whatever
then check out they can actually afford
what you do so they're going to check
out your pricings within their budget so
if you're a SAS offer you've probably
got three tiers if you're a service
offer perhaps you say look this type of
service starts at this rate this type of
service starts at this rate and this
one's at this rate
um and then on the basis that you check
all those boxes as long as it's easy for
them to speak to cells like book a demo
or book a console whatever that CTA is
they and they're probably going to get
in touch if you fulfill those boxes and
have a website that does the basics
right IE decent load page time design
that's actually engaging and attracts
them and messaging is right but I think
you're asking for some of those
specifics around the pages right yeah
why don't we start with the home page
because obviously it's the page that
attracts the majority of website traffic
and we've talked a little bit about home
page messaging
maybe get a little deeper into the role
of the homepage because I think in many
cases
you know people are trying to get a
sense of the whole story when they visit
the home page they may not click deeper
they may click into a couple of other
pages but
in many cases the home page is the page
where they find out what the company
does and whether it's relevant to them
can you talk about
what that page needs to have on it so
that it gets people into the
consideration funnel gets them thinking
about maybe this is the option for me
maybe I should click on that button so I
can book a demo or reach out to somebody
I mean just some high level best
practices is that above the fold on your
home page so as soon as someone lands on
your home page above the fold means
before someone Scrolls then but if we go
from top down you want your fixed menu
nav
it's going to have your key Pages like
home about Services drop down Resources
contact and then usually top right
you've got a fixed CTA fix control to
action button maybe that's Booker
tailored demo speak to a sales engineer
whatever's relevant
um and usually under that you've got
what's called a hero area or top Banner
area and that's usually got your home
page headline where you describe this is
the problem we fix this is how we
improve your business well this is how
we're different
um then you maybe got a couple calls to
actions like uh book demo or view
pricing or see proof of results
um I normally encourage companies to
have two call to actions there so for
example on ours we've got like view our
work and then next to it is um Booker
cool something like that and then you've
got people that give people the option
to see the results or if they're ready
speak to self straight away
um and then these days you want social
proof above the fold still so that might
be sliding testimonials that might be
we've helped this many Brands succeed
um that might be some recent logos
you've worked with Etc as loads of
options you've got on social proof and
then you've got to remember that it's
very very rare that people scroll right
to the bottom of your home page so you
need to pack as much value in that above
fold section as possible like I just
mentioned to really letting people
understand your value prop and showing
that you've done it for others and then
as they scroll down you might dive
deeper so if you're a software tool you
might show screens of the key things
that people care about around your
software at all you might say look this
is if sales and enablement Tool like
this is how we can improve your sales
process quick
um like three times quicker than doing
it manually whatever and then dive into
a screen so basically as people go down
a bit further along the fold they're
understanding your key value prop maybe
you've got some more social proof maybe
you've got some more video testimonials
Etc as people scroll down but
remembering the further and further you
get down the less likely people are to
see it so you've got to jam as much
value in above that fold as possible and
also a lot of companies still forget to
make their menu sticky so what I mean by
that is on mobile and desktop as you
scroll your menu should still be fixed
at the top of the page so people can
easily access your menu nav to your
pages and also click that main call to
action if they want to book a demo or
live chat or whatever that is
um so that's like home page and I think
you're asking like and mice in my top
seven pages it was home results case
studies or pricing was the next one
third one and service pages about page
contact page and thank you page is my
top seven but happy to dive into any of
those a bit further well the you
mentioned that you want to tease at the
product on the home page you want to
give people a sense of what this thing
looks like
when somebody does actually click into
the solutions or the product or the
platform page they come with different
names what do you want to show them like
obviously you want to give them a sense
of the experience you want to highlight
the key features but you don't want to
make it a laundry list of everything
they can do with the platform because
obviously that's not going to be
terribly inspiring and they can learn
that if they ask for a demo
so what should be on the product page to
get people excited about what's possible
and I I love that term what's possible
because you want to tease people you
want to make them curious you want to
get them excited about how their jobs
could change if they use this product so
what does that page look like
it's like a great demo right so the
worst demos I've ever sat on personally
is where sales rep just talk about how
great their product is for an hour they
don't ask any questions about your
current state the problems you're facing
today where you are now and where you
want to get to in six or twelve months
um those kind of sales calls are painful
right
um it's a lot better when it's a two-way
conversation and they're addressing your
pain points and your goals websites are
much the same so if you're going to
share your tool bring up the things that
people care about first and that's where
customer research comes in because then
you understand like these are the top
three pain points people want to fix
that straight away say look we
understand this is your problem these
are the three main screens for example
and these are the top three high level
features that are going to directly
address these pain points and then if
you want which a lot of SAS tools do
they get into each individual use case
so that they might have a drop down for
services or use case and then you could
say like if you serve manufacturers I.T
companies
Etc you're listing each it get each use
case so if people do want to get into
Nitty Gritty they can do so but on your
high level overview you're addressing
directly those pain points in the top
three or so features with screens and
some sites now are even doing live
interactive demos on their site like
they're actually letting people see the
video Damage there so if people don't
want to speak to cells right away they
can actually view a quick video demo
it's another option
the other page that you mentioned that
I'm always curious about is the pricing
page and when I hit a bdb
SAS pricing page and the prices aren't
listed first of all my well my first
reaction is what are they hiding what is
it about their prices that they don't
want to show people because maybe
they're very high uh maybe they're
afraid of just of uh displaying
competitive information
so what are your thoughts on the pricing
page and what does a company show on
that page other than prices and a few
here's what you get uh a menu of here's
what you get for this particular package
yeah to be fair I think a lot of SAS
companies are actually better at this
than technology more custom technology
companies service companies a lot of
those companies just scared stiff to
share their pricing yet when you speak
to their sales team they'll tell you
yeah we're speaking to Tire kickers like
all the time we're just wasting our time
on these leads that can't afford what we
do and I've had arguments of like people
that marketers that zoom in for like
organism and famous companies because
because they're not doing it and I'm
sure their sales team if I spoke to them
they tell me yeah we get a bunch of Thai
kickers all the time
um now
the reason that pricing pages are
probably one of the most impactful pages
when done right that a B2B company can
do is because yes if you're a SAS
company you've got three tiers it's
simple to show pricing
um ABC and then maybe have a high level
quick viewpoints on the the most common
features people actually care about if
you're a service based company it gets a
bit more difficult that's when you
probably want to give a range I.E we do
it we do a we do a silver tier it's
between five grand to 10 grand we do a
gold tier between 10 to 20 grand we do a
diamond tier between 20 to 30k as an
example and then you list again the core
features but the good thing about not
only sharing pricing is going to qualify
prospects in terms of do they have cash
to actually be able to work with us but
then you can back up your claims so as
people are scrolling through that page
you can use custom interview videos like
this is a customer we had with a similar
pain point and this is the problem they
came to us this is why they chose us
this is why they invested the money this
is how they're in like this how their
life and business has improved the
result of working with us you can also
use testimonial sliders you can use
Brands worked with and you can answer
common questions on that page around
pricing
um literally like why it's so expensive
why your competitors cheaper than
cheaper than us how long does
integration take
um do I get a dedicated account manager
um whatever annuals like am I logged in
on a contract so all those questions
that your sales team are literally
getting on a day-to-day address them
directly it's gonna make prospects less
skeptical it's going to show
transparency and it's going to feed your
team better qualified leads thus saving
you time and your prospects time
the last pages I want to dive into is
the one that I spend a lot of time
thinking about I recently wrote a series
of posts on LinkedIn about it and that's
the about page
uh and what triggered my LinkedIn post
was visiting this about page for a very
a very cool company and what I want to
know right away is what you do and
whether you're relevant to me and
instead I got this creative we we work
with we hire our company has cool people
working for it and frankly I don't care
about your cool people I don't care
whether you have a cool office what I
care about is me and whether what you do
is going to help me drive my business
forward and is going to make my life
easier in terms of the jobs that I have
to do every day
so what are your thoughts on the about
page what does it need to do what are
some of the key elements that need to
appear on it
I think the about page is a good one
because if you look into your analytics
like if you've got Google analytics on
your site it'll probably surprise you
how many people visit it like up until a
while our own about page was the second
most visited page after our home page
um now I think it's like home page
pricing and then about which is still
like a significant amount of traffic and
a lot of websites will have similar and
you if you've just got like you said
there you're about Pages like oh we're
award-winning we've been in business 30
years like here's our team here's our
dog and you're like a really creative
company it's like who cares
um I often advise companies to share
maybe a brief snippet about the founder
story why the why the company was set up
and what other Motors behind it get to
the point about the problems that you
fix I.E typically we work with this type
of business that's struggling with this
or frustrated about this and they want
to improve these results
um so that should be kind of above the
fold content and then I usually advise
um businesses to direct uh something
relevant so maybe you've got a call to
action like view some case studies
here's some recent work we've done or
here's some clients we've helped that
struggled with these problems
um here's here's our useful resource I a
recent article on this so here's our
podcast where you can learn more about
kind of what we do and get some free
tips around the niche that we serve
um and then maybe later on if you do
want to put some key team members like
the accounts not the accounts team like
yeah I don't know the customer service
team the tech team whatever that's fine
um so those are the few of the points I
normally advice
um so really like you said making it
about what's in it for the prospect
rather than how great or awesome your
own team is
the other area that I wanted to talk to
you about and this is sometimes the most
contentious or the most controversial is
ctas great website great messaging easy
navigation all the good things that you
want on a website and then
people don't see the ctas they're not as
obvious as they should be or the ctas
are
uni-dimensional ask for a demo
or the ctas are
just are buried in the bottom of a page
and so you do all this great work and
then people don't convert because you're
really not telling them what they should
do next so what are your thoughts on on
ctas and and and as important what are
some of the alternatives to the classic
B2B SAS CTA have asked for a demo
yeah it's CTA is a funny one
um because like you say probably 99 of
SAS companies have requested a demo or
book a demo
um and I don't necessarily think there's
anything wrong with that I mean CTA best
practices like I said is home page above
the fold most information Pages you want
it above the fold and then you want it
stuck in your sticky menu nav on mobile
and PC you probably want a standout
color and you probably want it fixed to
the top right so no matter where someone
is on the page they can easily access it
um now with that aside the script of
call to actions are good
I.E if you describe the exact action
that approximate might take and what the
outcome will be but as a result of
clicking that
but only if they're actually relevant to
what your prospects describe your offer
as
um or us that what they describe they
want to do I
if the first stage of your process is
booking an audit maybe that makes more
sense than booking a demo I book your
tailored audit if you're more of a
complex offer and it's not like we're
going to show you a screen share on day
one because that's not relevant um
because we've got a really complex B2B
product or service here and we need a we
probably need to run an audit with you
first
um so what is it that prospects actually
ask you for on sales calls what is how
do they refer to your service then maybe
consider putting that in your CTA
um as the first step because that that's
something I usually advise
um and then you can test it like if
you've already got a decent amount of
traffic coming to your site perhaps you
test a CTA on a certain amount of pages
and if you find that it drops a lot
after you change it from demo to
something else you might want to switch
it back whereas if if there's an uplift
and click through rate then maybe you
can tell it's working well so there's
nothing wrong with testing those things
something that I see a lot
um in terms of an issue is
kind of decent demo Pages or contact
pages
so a lot of the time the actual Pages
businesses use to capture details are
poor I.E you've you don't have your
contact form or your demo form or your
calendar form above the fold instead you
just got a load of info about your
company and then someone's got to scroll
right to the bottom of the page I mean
some simple best practices around the
demo page or the contact page itself is
you can remove menu nav so there's no
distraction you can straight away have
like book a call with our sales
Engineers or whatever that line is maybe
a calendar there or a simple form
where people can put their details in
and then um backing up with social proof
because some people might be anxious
around what happens next so maybe you've
got a customer review video or some
testimonials maybe underneath it you've
got some FAQs around what happens after
I book some time like explain the actual
process after sales after someone books
a sales school
um and then another often neglect this
page is the thank you page so when
someone actually takes the time to book
time on your team's calendar then
actually saying well thanks very much
well if it's a calendar we'll be in
touch to arrange the time or if they've
already booked it
um here's some links to some useful
resources uh podcasts video articles Etc
because sometimes you book a book a demo
or contact uh consult requests on a page
and the page just refreshes and you're
not actually sure if anything's happened
right you're just bamboos with like will
they get in touch will they not whereas
if you have a clear thank you page it
just clears everything up and makes
prospects excited to speak to your team
if you give them some useful resources
and kind of show that you're how quickly
you're going to be in touch if you had
to pick one widget when it comes to to
book a demo would it be a calendar
widget in which somebody picks a time
and day to talk to you right away and
you get some details about what they're
looking for so you can use calendly or
or tidycal or would it be the contact
page where they fill out the form they
do all the work themselves and then they
expect you to get back to them with
details about when a conversation could
happen or is it both but if you had pick
one what would you pick
yeah I think generally calendar time
but I'm speaking now I'm speaking to
establish B2B companies that have a
sales force
um because then you can use a tool like
calendly or chili Piper and then it you
can instantly book the time that suits
you and that gets rooted to the relevant
sales rep so if you've got a team of
sales reps and that is a no-brainer now
if you're a smaller company and you're
going to respond to people quickly you
don't necessarily need that you might
just have a contact form and then you'll
be as long as you're in you you contact
them like within an hour or so of the
contact form you can get away with it
um yeah if you're if you're an
established company with a lot of sales
rep you need a calendar tool it's like a
no-brainer right one final uh juicy
question is we've talked a lot about
best practices for website website
design website content what are the
signals that are that a company gets
that it needs to redesign its website
something's not working the website
isn't doing the job that it's designed
to do and they have to take a step back
and refresh or rebuild the website
um so a few things we talked about at
the start really if you're getting
feedback on sales calls prospects are
saying things like your website I
couldn't find this info on there I
didn't understand really what you did
um it's missing this page and perhaps
they're saying like competitors are
doing a lot better
um yeah when you're getting those kind
of really signals that you do not want
to hear I couldn't find this didn't know
what you did couldn't see this this was
difficult to find that's a Telltale sign
that's something not necessarily
redesign but something needs work
um so that that's definitely a red flag
um or probably the worst one is if
you're investing
cash or resource from your own team or
external team into advertising or
marketing whether that's SEO LinkedIn
work LinkedIn ads paid ads paid search
and webinars Etc you're sending all this
traffic to your site and you're pretty
sure it's coming from idle clients like
the channels they hang out on but it's
just not converting effectively then
that's when you're going to need to have
a look at assess your website dive under
the hood of it
start interviewing um prospects start
looking at your analytics like is there
a huge bounce rate on the home page okay
something doesn't hit right maybe we've
got a poor load speed maybe our home
page messaging doesn't resonate maybe
it's difficult for people to get in
touch maybe people don't trust us
quickly enough because they're not
seeing social proofs as all these things
you've got to assess and analyze and
then make sensible decisions based on
data
one final question is where can people
learn about more about you and what you
do
sure so if you're in the market for free
B2B website and SEO tips then connect
with me on LinkedIn it's Sam Dunning
post stuff every day otherwise I've got
a podcast business growth show where I
post a bunch of tips and interview B2B
leaders
um or lastly if you're perhaps a bit
frustrated that when idle clients are
searching for what you do on Google but
your competitors are above you stealing
traffic and opportunities or if you feel
like your website isn't converting
effectively those hardened visitors into
steady flow of inbound then give us a
shout it's webchoiceuk.com and there you
have it I hope you found this episode on
B2B website best practices useful as
always if you enjoyed it a quick rating
or review on your Apple podcast or
Spotify player goes a long way or if
you're on YouTube a subscriber is very
much appreciated and with that I'll
catch you on the next episode cheers